Create initial version of contribution guidelines. (#37)
Task-Tracker-Systems/Task-Tracker-Device: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to contribute

In general the language for communication and documentation in this project is US English.

## Commit messages

Type a short, meaningful commit message that describes the change you made to the file.

Please consider [the recommendation of the Git community for commit messages](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit/2.38.0#_discussion):

> Begin the commit message with a single short (less than 50 character) line summarizing the change, followed by a blank line and then a more thorough description. The text up to the first blank line in a commit message is treated as the commit title, and that title is used throughout Git.

## Pull requests

> Don't forget to self-review to speed up the review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use self-reviews to speed up the review process.
```

> - Review the content for technical accuracy.

Reviewer: Why are those items in a list and the above is not?

Author: Because I consider both items as part of the (self-)review.
